Add support for TRIAS Endpoints (#52)
public-transport/transport-apis: readme.md

* `endpoint`: Base URL for the API, without e.g. the `index/graphql` suffix.
* `apiVersion`: One of `otp1`, `otp2` or `entur`.

#### TRIAS

*WIP*

The following properties are defined:
* `endpoint`: Base URL for the API
* `testingEndpoint`: Base URL for testing purposes

> * `apiVersion`: `1.X` as [available](https://github.com/VDVde/TRIAS/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `triasVersion`: Highest [TRIAS version](https://github.com/VDVde/TRIAS/releases) supported by the API
```

> * `content-type`: [Content-Type](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Type) e.g. `text/xml`

Reviewer: Is this about the request or response?

Author: This is about the request as some endpoints especially mention that this is required, see e.g. [here](https://www.vrn.de/opendata/node/115). I'm not sure about the response. Will check whether there are endpoints that differ in content-type of response and check whether there are clients, which differ in content-type of response and request. If the latter would exist, we would need two properties.

Reviewer: Even if the latter doesn't exist, I'd rename it to e.g. `request-content-type`.

> * `openAPI`: Boolean, whether one need to sign up or not

Reviewer: I would rename this flag, given that [*OpenAPI*](https://www.openapis.org) is a very well-known spec for describing APIs in a machine-readable way. I propose this:

```suggestion
* `requiresSignUp`: Whether one needs to sign up to obtain an API key.
* `requiresContract` Wether one needs to sign a contract to use the API.
```

* `authorizationMethod`: One of `Authorization-Header`

> * `providedServices`: array of supported services as listed [in the documentation](https://www.vdv.de/431-2sdes-v-1-3.pdfx#page=51)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `providedServices`: array of supported services as listed [in the EKAP documentation](https://www.vdv.de/431-2sdes-v-1-3.pdfx#page=51)
```

> * `requestLimit`: requests per day, which are allowed

Reviewer: Shall we follow the [markup of the `RateLimit` HTTP header](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-httpapi-ratelimit-headers-04.html#name-expressing-rate-limit-polic) here? It is an established way of specifying the rate limit(s) of an API.

Author: This looks good, from a first view. Thanks! I will look into it and update the documentation accordingly.

* `endpoint`: Base URL for the API, without e.g. the `index/graphql` suffix.
* `apiVersion`: One of `otp1`, `otp2` or `entur`.

#### TRIAS

*WIP*

The following properties are defined:
* `endpoint`: Base URL for the API
* `testingEndpoint`: Base URL for testing purposes
* `triasVersion`: Highest [TRIAS version](https://github.com/VDVde/TRIAS/releases) supported by the API

> * `request-content-type`: [Content-Type](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Type) e.g. `text/xml`

Reviewer: Now this kebab-case style is different from `requestLimitPolicy`'s camelCase style. I suggest to change one of them.
